README.md, before:

Hello and welcome to Kubernetes Security, the resource center for the O'Reilly book on this topic by Liz Rice and Michael Hausenblas. The book is expected to be published by fall 2018. 

Table of contents:

- [Securing the cluster](#securing-the-cluster)
- [Authentication and authorization](#authentication-and-authorization)
- [Securing your container images](#securing-your-container-images)
- [Running containers securely](#running-containers-securely)
- [Secrets management](#secrets-management)
- [Advanced Topics](#advanced-topics)
- [References](#references)

## Securing the cluster

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Securing a Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/securing-a-cluster/)
- [Encrypting Secret Data at Rest](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/)
- [Installation—Recommended setup](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/wiki/Installation#recommended-setup)
- [Auditing](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/audit/)
- [Certificate Rotation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tls/certificate-rotation/)

Further reading:

- etcd's [transport security model](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/blob/master/Documentation/op-guide/security.md)
- [Securing Kubernetes components: kubelet, etcd and Docker registry](https://sysdig.com/blog/kubernetes-security-kubelet-etcd/) 
- [K8s security best practices](https://www.slideshare.net/SharonVendrov/k8s-security-best-practices-85961183) 
- [Kubernetes Security - Best Practice Guide](https://github.com/freach/kubernetes-security-best-practice) 
- [Lessons from the Cryptojacking Attack at Tesla](https://blog.redlock.io/cryptojacking-tesla) 
- [Hacking and Hardening Kubernetes Clusters by Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTgQLzeBfRU) 
- [What Does “Production Ready” Really Mean for a Kubernetes Cluster](https://weave.works/blog/what-does-production-ready-really-mean-for-a-kubernetes-cluster)
- [A Hacker's Guide to Kubernetes and the Cloud](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxKpCO2dAy8)
- [Kubernetes Container Clustering, Catastrophe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3qJwIttqqs)
- [Hardening Kubernetes from Scratch](https://github.com/hardening-kubernetes/from-scratch)
- [Analysis of a Kubernetes hack — Backdooring through kubelet](https://medium.com/handy-tech/analysis-of-a-kubernetes-hack-backdooring-through-kubelet-823be5c3d67c)

Tooling:

- Center for Internet Security (CIS) [Benchmark for Kubernetes](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/kubernetes/)
- Center for Internet Security (CIS) [Benchmark for Docker](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/docker/)
- [aquasecurity/kube-bench](https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-bench)
- [aquasecurity/kube-hunter](https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-hunter)
- [k8guard.github.io](https://k8guard.github.io/)
- [bgeesaman/kubeatf](https://github.com/bgeesaman/kubeatf)
- [docker/docker-bench-security](https://github.com/docker/docker-bench-security)

## Authentication and authorization

Introductions and overview resources for authn & authz in Kubernetes:

- [Kubernetes deep dive: API Server – part 1](https://blog.openshift.com/kubernetes-deep-dive-api-server-part-1/) by Stefan Schimanski and Michael Hausenblas
- [Kubernetes Auth and Access Control](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvnXemaYQ50) by Eric Chiang
- [Webhook Mode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/webhook/) via Kubernetes documentation
- [Certifik8s: All You Need to Know About Certificates in Kubernetes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXz4cq3PKdg) by Alexander Brand,
- RFC 7519 [JSON Web Token (JWT)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519)
- RFC 7617 [The 'Basic' HTTP Authentication Scheme](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7617)
- [X.509 certificates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.509)
- [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/)

Tooling:

- [jwt.io](https://jwt.io/)
- [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm/)

### Authentication

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Authentication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authentication/)
- [Authenticating with Bootstrap Tokens](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/bootstrap-tokens/)

Further reading:

- [Single Sign-On for Kubernetes: An Introduction](https://thenewstack.io/kubernetes-single-sign-one-less-identity/) by Joel Speed
- [Let's Encrypt, OAuth 2, and Kubernetes Ingress](https://eng.fromatob.com/post/2017/02/lets-encrypt-oauth-2-and-kubernetes-ingress/) by Ian Chiles
- [Comparing Kubernetes Authentication Methods](https://medium.com/@etienne_24233/comparing-kubernetes-authentication-methods-6f538d834ca7by) Etienne Dilocker
- [k8s auth proxy example](http://uptoknow.blogspot.com/2017/06/kubernetes-authentication-proxy-example.html)

Tooling:

- [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/)
- [coreos/dex](https://github.com/coreos/dex)
- [heptio/authenticator](https://github.com/heptio/authenticator)
- [hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-kubernetes](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-kubernetes)
- [appscode/guard](https://github.com/appscode/guard)

### Authorization

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Authorization](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authorization/)
- [Using RBAC Authorization](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/)
- [Controlling Access to the Kubernetes API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/controlling-access/)
- [Configure Service Accounts for Pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/)

Further reading:

- [Effective RBAC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw1ymxcLIDI) by Jordan Liggitt 
- [Configure RBAC In Your Kubernetes Cluster](https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/how-to/configure-rbac-in-your-kubernetes-cluster/) via Bitnami
- [Using RBAC, Generally Available in Kubernetes v1.8](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2017/10/using-rbac-generally-available-18/) by Eric Chiang

Tooling:

- [liggitt/audit2rbac](https://github.com/liggitt/audit2rbac)
- [reactiveops/rbac-manager](https://github.com/reactiveops/rbac-manager)
- [jtblin/kube2iam](https://github.com/jtblin/kube2iam)

## Securing your container images

Further reading:

- [Establishing Image Provenance and Security in Kubernetes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs-6YEUrJAM)
- [Image Management & Mutability in Docker and Kubernetes](https://container-solutions.com/image-management-mutability-in-docker-and-kubernetes/) 
- [Container security considerations in a Kubernetes deployment](https://thenewstack.io/container-security-considerations-kubernetes-deployment/)
- [Using Docker tags to mess with people’s minds](https://medium.com/microscaling-systems/using-docker-tags-to-mess-with-peoples-minds-367bb2c93bd0)
- [If you run SSHD in your Docker containers, you're doing it wrong!](https://jpetazzo.github.io/2014/06/23/docker-ssh-considered-evil/)
- [Creating Effective Images](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPsREQbf3PA)
- [Building Container Images Securely on Kubernetes](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/building-container-images-securely-on-kubernetes/)
- [The OpenShift Build Process](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.9/security/build_process.html)
- [Introducing Grafeas: An open-source API to audit and govern your software supply chain](https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2017/10/introducing-grafeas-open-source-api-.html)
- [Secure Kubernetes Application Delivery](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZZPJd_b_p6bTQhUk3KqJW63fwzXZidcTAyyJ6PXpTSI/)
- [Set up Security Scanning in DTR](https://docs.docker.com/datacenter/dtr/2.4/guides/admin/configure/set-up-vulnerability-scans/)

Tooling:

- [National Vulnerability Database](https://nvd.nist.gov/)
- [OpenSCAP tools](https://www.open-scap.org/tools/) 
- [coreos/clair](https://github.com/coreos/clair) 
- [aquasecurity/microscanner](https://github.com/aquasecurity/microscanner)
- [Docker Registry Server](https://docs.docker.com/registry/deploying/)
- [GitLab Container Registry](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/container_registry.html)
- [Red Hat Quay container registry](https://www.openshift.com/products/quay)
- [Amazon Elastic Container Registry](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/)
- [theupdateframework/notary](https://github.com/theupdateframework/notary)
- [weaveworks/flux](https://github.com/weaveworks/flux)
- [IBM/portieris](https://github.com/IBM/portieris)
- [Grafeas](https://grafeas.io/)
- [in-toto](https://in-toto.github.io/) 

## Running containers securely

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Configure Quality of Service for Pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)
- [Configure a Security Context for a Pod or Container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)
- [Pod Security Policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/)

Further reading:

- [Just say no to root (in containers)](https://opensource.com/article/18/3/just-say-no-root-containers)
- [Non-privileged containers FTW!](http://canihaznonprivilegedcontainers.info/)
- [Running with Scissors](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltrV-Qmh3oY)
- [Containers are a lie](https://articles.microservices.com/containers-are-a-lie-2521afda1f81)
- Exploring Container Mechanisms Through the Story of a Syscall: [slides](https://schd.ws/hosted_files/kccnceu18/46/Exploring%20container%20mechanisms%20through%20the%20story%20of%20a%20syscall.pdf), [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tl-NURLoq4)
- [Improving your Kubernetes Workload Security](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_NxDXAdbfo)
- Container Isolation at Scale (Introducing gVisor): [slides](https://schd.ws/hosted_files/kccnceu18/47/Container%20Isolation%20at%20Scale.pdf), [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWyJahTWa4I)
- [Shipping in Pirate-Infested Waters: Practical Attack and Defense in Kubernetes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohTq0no0ZVU)
- [Exploring container security: Isolation at different layers of the Kubernetes stack](https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2018/05/Exploring-container-security-Isolation-at-different-layers-of-the-Kubernetes-stack.html) 
- [Security Best Practices for Kubernetes Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2016/08/security-best-practices-kubernetes-deployment/) 
- [NIST Special Publication 800-190: Application Container Security Guide](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST.SP.800-190.pdf)
- [Kubernetes Security Best Practices](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzAwTC8KYV8)
- [Securing Kubernetes Cluster Networking](https://ahmet.im/blog/kubernetes-network-policy/)
- [Tutorials and Recipes for Kubernetes Network Policies feature](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubernetes-network-policy-recipes) 
- [Kubernetes Security Context and Kubernetes Network Policy](https://sysdig.com/blog/kubernetes-security-psp-network-policy/) 
- [Continuous Kubernetes Security](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtrA7eauSSg)
- [Cilium: Making BPF Easy on Kubernetes for Improved Security, Performance](https://thenewstack.io/cilium-making-bpf-easy-on-kubernetes-for-improved-security-performance/)

Tooling:

- [Shopify/kubeaudit](https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit)
- [opensource/falco/](https://sysdig.com/opensource/falco/) 
- [genuinetools/bane](https://github.com/genuinetools/bane)
- [kubesec.io](https://kubesec.io/)

## Secrets management

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/)

Further reading:

- [Kubernetes secrets examples](http://kubernetesbyexample.com/secrets/)
- [Dynamic secrets on Kubernetes pods using Hashicorp Vault](https://medium.com/@gmaliar/dynamic-secrets-on-kubernetes-pods-using-vault-35d9094d169)
- [Managing Secrets on OpenShift – Vault Integration](https://blog.openshift.com/managing-secrets-openshift-vault-integration/)
- [Using AWS KMS for application secrets in Kubernetes](https://medium.com/@mtreacher/using-aws-kms-for-application-secrets-in-kubernetes-149ffb6b4073)
- [Injecting secrets with Aqua](https://blog.aquasec.com/injecting-secrets-kubernetes-hashicorp-vault-and-aqua-on-azure)
- [Your secret's safe with me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5gfvEO_cjY)

Tooling:

- [kelseyhightower/konfd](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/konfd) 
- [bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets)
- [shyiko/kubesec](https://github.com/shyiko/kubesec)

## Advanced Topics

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Network policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/)

Further reading:

- [How Kubernetes certificate authorities work](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/08/05/how-kubernetes-certificates-work/) 
- [Kubernetes Application Operator Basics](https://blog.openshift.com/kubernetes-application-operator-basics/) 

Tooling:

- [aporeto-inc/trireme-kubernetes](https://github.com/aporeto-inc/trireme-kubernetes) 
- [jetstack/cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/ )
- [SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) 
- [Open Policy Agent](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/) 

## References

### Official Kubernetes documentation

Kubernetes (v1.10) docs references relevant to security:

- [Namespace](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#namespace-v1-core)
- [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#secret-v1-core)
- [ResourceQuota](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#resourcequota-v1-core)
- [ServiceAccount](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#serviceaccount-v1-core)
- [Role](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#role-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io) / [ClusterRole](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#clusterrole-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io)
- [RoleBinding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#rolebinding-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io) / [ClusterRoleBinding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#clusterrolebinding-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io)
- [PodSecurityPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#podsecuritypolicy-v1beta1-extensions)
- [NetworkPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#networkpolicy-v1-networking-k8s-io)

### Useful `kubectl` commands

- `kubectl create secret`
- `kubectl create serviceaccount`
- `kubectl create role`
- `kubectl create rolebinding`
- `kubectl auth can-i`

### Providers

- [Aqua Security](https://www.aquasec.com/)
- [Twistlock](https://www.twistlock.com/platform/)
- [Neuvector](https://neuvector.com/)

---

 The logo uses a padlock icon by [Freepik](http://www.freepik.com/) from www.flaticon.com and the Kubernetes logo kudos to the [CNCF](https://github.com/cncf/artwork/), The Linux Foundation.

Commit message:

adds links for “Secrets management”

README.md, after:

Hello and welcome to Kubernetes Security, the resource center for the O'Reilly book on this topic by Liz Rice and Michael Hausenblas. The book is expected to be published by fall 2018. 

Table of contents:

- [Securing the cluster](#securing-the-cluster)
- [Authentication and authorization](#authentication-and-authorization)
- [Securing your container images](#securing-your-container-images)
- [Running containers securely](#running-containers-securely)
- [Secrets management](#secrets-management)
- [Advanced Topics](#advanced-topics)
- [References](#references)

## Securing the cluster

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Securing a Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/securing-a-cluster/)
- [Encrypting Secret Data at Rest](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/)
- [Installation—Recommended setup](https://github.com/kubernetes/dashboard/wiki/Installation#recommended-setup)
- [Auditing](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/audit/)
- [Certificate Rotation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tls/certificate-rotation/)

Further reading:

- etcd's [transport security model](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/blob/master/Documentation/op-guide/security.md)
- [Securing Kubernetes components: kubelet, etcd and Docker registry](https://sysdig.com/blog/kubernetes-security-kubelet-etcd/) 
- [K8s security best practices](https://www.slideshare.net/SharonVendrov/k8s-security-best-practices-85961183) 
- [Kubernetes Security - Best Practice Guide](https://github.com/freach/kubernetes-security-best-practice) 
- [Lessons from the Cryptojacking Attack at Tesla](https://blog.redlock.io/cryptojacking-tesla) 
- [Hacking and Hardening Kubernetes Clusters by Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTgQLzeBfRU) 
- [What Does “Production Ready” Really Mean for a Kubernetes Cluster](https://weave.works/blog/what-does-production-ready-really-mean-for-a-kubernetes-cluster)
- [A Hacker's Guide to Kubernetes and the Cloud](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxKpCO2dAy8)
- [Kubernetes Container Clustering, Catastrophe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3qJwIttqqs)
- [Hardening Kubernetes from Scratch](https://github.com/hardening-kubernetes/from-scratch)
- [Analysis of a Kubernetes hack — Backdooring through kubelet](https://medium.com/handy-tech/analysis-of-a-kubernetes-hack-backdooring-through-kubelet-823be5c3d67c)

Tooling:

- Center for Internet Security (CIS) [Benchmark for Kubernetes](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/kubernetes/)
- Center for Internet Security (CIS) [Benchmark for Docker](https://www.cisecurity.org/benchmark/docker/)
- [aquasecurity/kube-bench](https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-bench)
- [aquasecurity/kube-hunter](https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-hunter)
- [k8guard.github.io](https://k8guard.github.io/)
- [bgeesaman/kubeatf](https://github.com/bgeesaman/kubeatf)
- [docker/docker-bench-security](https://github.com/docker/docker-bench-security)

## Authentication and authorization

Introductions and overview resources for authn & authz in Kubernetes:

- [Kubernetes deep dive: API Server – part 1](https://blog.openshift.com/kubernetes-deep-dive-api-server-part-1/) by Stefan Schimanski and Michael Hausenblas
- [Kubernetes Auth and Access Control](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvnXemaYQ50) by Eric Chiang
- [Webhook Mode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/webhook/) via Kubernetes documentation
- [Certifik8s: All You Need to Know About Certificates in Kubernetes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXz4cq3PKdg) by Alexander Brand,
- RFC 7519 [JSON Web Token (JWT)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519)
- RFC 7617 [The 'Basic' HTTP Authentication Scheme](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7617)
- [X.509 certificates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.509)
- [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/)

Tooling:

- [jwt.io](https://jwt.io/)
- [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/kubeadm/)

### Authentication

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Authentication](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authentication/)
- [Authenticating with Bootstrap Tokens](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/bootstrap-tokens/)

Further reading:

- [Single Sign-On for Kubernetes: An Introduction](https://thenewstack.io/kubernetes-single-sign-one-less-identity/) by Joel Speed
- [Let's Encrypt, OAuth 2, and Kubernetes Ingress](https://eng.fromatob.com/post/2017/02/lets-encrypt-oauth-2-and-kubernetes-ingress/) by Ian Chiles
- [Comparing Kubernetes Authentication Methods](https://medium.com/@etienne_24233/comparing-kubernetes-authentication-methods-6f538d834ca7by) Etienne Dilocker
- [k8s auth proxy example](http://uptoknow.blogspot.com/2017/06/kubernetes-authentication-proxy-example.html)

Tooling:

- [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/)
- [coreos/dex](https://github.com/coreos/dex)
- [heptio/authenticator](https://github.com/heptio/authenticator)
- [hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-kubernetes](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-kubernetes)
- [appscode/guard](https://github.com/appscode/guard)

### Authorization

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Authorization](https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authorization/)
- [Using RBAC Authorization](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/)
- [Controlling Access to the Kubernetes API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/controlling-access/)
- [Configure Service Accounts for Pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/)

Further reading:

- [Effective RBAC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw1ymxcLIDI) by Jordan Liggitt 
- [Configure RBAC In Your Kubernetes Cluster](https://docs.bitnami.com/kubernetes/how-to/configure-rbac-in-your-kubernetes-cluster/) via Bitnami
- [Using RBAC, Generally Available in Kubernetes v1.8](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2017/10/using-rbac-generally-available-18/) by Eric Chiang

Tooling:

- [liggitt/audit2rbac](https://github.com/liggitt/audit2rbac)
- [reactiveops/rbac-manager](https://github.com/reactiveops/rbac-manager)
- [jtblin/kube2iam](https://github.com/jtblin/kube2iam)

## Securing your container images

Further reading:

- [Establishing Image Provenance and Security in Kubernetes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs-6YEUrJAM)
- [Image Management & Mutability in Docker and Kubernetes](https://container-solutions.com/image-management-mutability-in-docker-and-kubernetes/) 
- [Container security considerations in a Kubernetes deployment](https://thenewstack.io/container-security-considerations-kubernetes-deployment/)
- [Using Docker tags to mess with people’s minds](https://medium.com/microscaling-systems/using-docker-tags-to-mess-with-peoples-minds-367bb2c93bd0)
- [If you run SSHD in your Docker containers, you're doing it wrong!](https://jpetazzo.github.io/2014/06/23/docker-ssh-considered-evil/)
- [Creating Effective Images](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPsREQbf3PA)
- [Building Container Images Securely on Kubernetes](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/building-container-images-securely-on-kubernetes/)
- [The OpenShift Build Process](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.9/security/build_process.html)
- [Introducing Grafeas: An open-source API to audit and govern your software supply chain](https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2017/10/introducing-grafeas-open-source-api-.html)
- [Secure Kubernetes Application Delivery](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZZPJd_b_p6bTQhUk3KqJW63fwzXZidcTAyyJ6PXpTSI/)
- [Set up Security Scanning in DTR](https://docs.docker.com/datacenter/dtr/2.4/guides/admin/configure/set-up-vulnerability-scans/)

Tooling:

- [National Vulnerability Database](https://nvd.nist.gov/)
- [OpenSCAP tools](https://www.open-scap.org/tools/) 
- [coreos/clair](https://github.com/coreos/clair) 
- [aquasecurity/microscanner](https://github.com/aquasecurity/microscanner)
- [Docker Registry Server](https://docs.docker.com/registry/deploying/)
- [GitLab Container Registry](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/container_registry.html)
- [Red Hat Quay container registry](https://www.openshift.com/products/quay)
- [Amazon Elastic Container Registry](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/)
- [theupdateframework/notary](https://github.com/theupdateframework/notary)
- [weaveworks/flux](https://github.com/weaveworks/flux)
- [IBM/portieris](https://github.com/IBM/portieris)
- [Grafeas](https://grafeas.io/)
- [in-toto](https://in-toto.github.io/) 

## Running containers securely

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Configure Quality of Service for Pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod/)
- [Configure a Security Context for a Pod or Container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/)
- [Pod Security Policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/)

Further reading:

- [Just say no to root (in containers)](https://opensource.com/article/18/3/just-say-no-root-containers)
- [Non-privileged containers FTW!](http://canihaznonprivilegedcontainers.info/)
- [Running with Scissors](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltrV-Qmh3oY)
- [Containers are a lie](https://articles.microservices.com/containers-are-a-lie-2521afda1f81)
- Exploring Container Mechanisms Through the Story of a Syscall: [slides](https://schd.ws/hosted_files/kccnceu18/46/Exploring%20container%20mechanisms%20through%20the%20story%20of%20a%20syscall.pdf), [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tl-NURLoq4)
- [Improving your Kubernetes Workload Security](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_NxDXAdbfo)
- Container Isolation at Scale (Introducing gVisor): [slides](https://schd.ws/hosted_files/kccnceu18/47/Container%20Isolation%20at%20Scale.pdf), [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWyJahTWa4I)
- [Shipping in Pirate-Infested Waters: Practical Attack and Defense in Kubernetes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohTq0no0ZVU)
- [Exploring container security: Isolation at different layers of the Kubernetes stack](https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2018/05/Exploring-container-security-Isolation-at-different-layers-of-the-Kubernetes-stack.html) 
- [Security Best Practices for Kubernetes Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2016/08/security-best-practices-kubernetes-deployment/) 
- [NIST Special Publication 800-190: Application Container Security Guide](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST.SP.800-190.pdf)
- [Kubernetes Security Best Practices](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzAwTC8KYV8)
- [Securing Kubernetes Cluster Networking](https://ahmet.im/blog/kubernetes-network-policy/)
- [Tutorials and Recipes for Kubernetes Network Policies feature](https://github.com/ahmetb/kubernetes-network-policy-recipes) 
- [Kubernetes Security Context and Kubernetes Network Policy](https://sysdig.com/blog/kubernetes-security-psp-network-policy/) 
- [Continuous Kubernetes Security](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtrA7eauSSg)
- [Cilium: Making BPF Easy on Kubernetes for Improved Security, Performance](https://thenewstack.io/cilium-making-bpf-easy-on-kubernetes-for-improved-security-performance/)

Tooling:

- [Shopify/kubeaudit](https://github.com/Shopify/kubeaudit)
- [opensource/falco/](https://sysdig.com/opensource/falco/) 
- [genuinetools/bane](https://github.com/genuinetools/bane)
- [kubesec.io](https://kubesec.io/)

## Secrets management

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/)
- [Securing etcd clusters](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/configure-upgrade-etcd/#securing-etcd-clusters)
- [Distribute Credentials Securely Using Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/distribute-credentials-secure/)

Further reading:

- [Kubernetes secrets examples](http://kubernetesbyexample.com/secrets/)
- [Dynamic secrets on Kubernetes pods using Hashicorp Vault](https://medium.com/@gmaliar/dynamic-secrets-on-kubernetes-pods-using-vault-35d9094d169)
- [Managing Secrets on OpenShift – Vault Integration](https://blog.openshift.com/managing-secrets-openshift-vault-integration/)
- [Using AWS KMS for application secrets in Kubernetes](https://medium.com/@mtreacher/using-aws-kms-for-application-secrets-in-kubernetes-149ffb6b4073)
- [Injecting secrets with Aqua](https://blog.aquasec.com/injecting-secrets-kubernetes-hashicorp-vault-and-aqua-on-azure)
- [Your secret's safe with me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5gfvEO_cjY)
- [How you could be leaking your secrets onto GitHub](https://www.infoworld.com/article/3064355/security/how-you-might-be-leaking-your-secrets-onto-github.html)
- [The problems with forcing regular password expiry](https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/articles/problems-forcing-regular-password-expiry)

Tooling:

- [kelseyhightower/konfd](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/konfd) 
- [bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets)
- [shyiko/kubesec](https://github.com/shyiko/kubesec)

## Advanced Topics

Relevant pages in the official Kubernetes documentation:

- [Network policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/)

Further reading:

- [How Kubernetes certificate authorities work](https://jvns.ca/blog/2017/08/05/how-kubernetes-certificates-work/) 
- [Kubernetes Application Operator Basics](https://blog.openshift.com/kubernetes-application-operator-basics/) 

Tooling:

- [aporeto-inc/trireme-kubernetes](https://github.com/aporeto-inc/trireme-kubernetes) 
- [jetstack/cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/ )
- [SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) 
- [Open Policy Agent](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/) 

## References

### Official Kubernetes documentation

Kubernetes (v1.10) docs references relevant to security:

- [Namespace](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#namespace-v1-core)
- [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#secret-v1-core)
- [ResourceQuota](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#resourcequota-v1-core)
- [ServiceAccount](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#serviceaccount-v1-core)
- [Role](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#role-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io) / [ClusterRole](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#clusterrole-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io)
- [RoleBinding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#rolebinding-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io) / [ClusterRoleBinding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#clusterrolebinding-v1-rbac-authorization-k8s-io)
- [PodSecurityPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#podsecuritypolicy-v1beta1-extensions)
- [NetworkPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.10/#networkpolicy-v1-networking-k8s-io)

### Useful `kubectl` commands

- `kubectl create secret`
- `kubectl create serviceaccount`
- `kubectl create role`
- `kubectl create rolebinding`
- `kubectl auth can-i`

### Providers

- [Aqua Security](https://www.aquasec.com/)
- [Twistlock](https://www.twistlock.com/platform/)
- [Neuvector](https://neuvector.com/)

---

 The logo uses a padlock icon by [Freepik](http://www.freepik.com/) from www.flaticon.com and the Kubernetes logo kudos to the [CNCF](https://github.com/cncf/artwork/), The Linux Foundation.
